Student (vipul31_): How to Join the Zoom Meeting , When I try to join using the meeting ID and passcode , it asks me to sign in. After that , it ask for many other details like an Organization Name. Please help me sir .

Instructor (nitin_fighter1379): In order to join the scheduled session, you need to register with the details.

Student (vipul31_): I want to register but i did not get any link. how should i register?

Instructor (nitin_fighter1379): Please mention your cohort name. Also let us know whether you received a mail from zoom for the meeting?

Student (vipul31_): RSAians I received a mail on my student email id . 23f3003765.study.iitm.ac.in

Instructor (nitin_fighter1379): You must register to the scheduled meet from that mail as mentioned in it and join the meet in the scheduled time.

Student (vipul31_): I received only meeting link not registration link . plz give me that link .I even missed the meeting on the 15th . please help me sir .

Instructor (nitin_fighter1379): Please join the voice channel created to discuss on this issue.

Student (vipul31_): sorry but I am not good in english . can you explain in chat plz

Instructor (nitin_fighter1379): You received a mail from zoom for the meeting confirmation, right? Register in that mail itself and join the meeting at the time mentioned

Student (vipul31_): sorry

Instructor (prkharvndn): what language ?

Student (vipul31_): I received this mail only .

Instructor (prkharvndn): Hindi? tamil? telegu ?

Student (vipul31_): Hindi

Instructor (prkharvndn): vipul bhai, meri baat suniye! aap phone pe ho ya laptop pe ?

Student (vipul31_): laptop par

Instructor (prkharvndn): accha toh ek kaam kariye, kya aap zoom pe sign up kar sakte hai ? agar nahi toh dariye mat kya aapko discord pe voice channel ya meeting hall dikh raha hai ?

Student (vipul31_): ha kar sakta hu but baad me bahut saari details magta hai pta nahi kya kya . ha dikha rha hai

Instructor (prkharvndn): pehle voice channel join kar lijiye uspe click kariye discord me hi abhi move mat kariye ga rukiye yahi pe