Student (mananjain01): My name is not on leaderboard

Instructor (prkharvndn): will look into it leaderboard as in ViBe leaderboard right ?

Student (mananjain01): even after completing all the deadlines and also got health points for them Sir i had registered my query on mail also but i didnt got any reply to the last mail i sent from 3 days hence i decided to raise the ticket here.

Instructor (prkharvndn): I hear you , and it will be resolved but tell me one thing, at what email id did you sent your mail?

Student (mananjain01): vinternship.zohodesk.in no sir the leaderboard of website the vinternship website sir any update?

Instructor (nitin_fighter1379): , Your name is visible in the vinternship Kruskals dashboard:

Student (mananjain01): sir i am from dijkstrians batch Sir it is the health points my name is not in leaderboard

Instructor (nitin_fighter1379): Your issue is forwarded to the team and the team is looking into it.

Student (mananjain01): sir any update?

Instructor (prkharvndn): it was forwarded to higher ups!

Student (mananjain01): sir any updates about my query? Should i also share my mail history about this issue till now? Also i didnt receive mail for todays standup

Instructor (jinalgupta., prkharvndn): Don't worry, We have noted down your query we will get back to you soon with the resolution and an update for your issue. did your issue got resolved? do you have any standup today ?

Student (mananjain01): No sir yesterday i had but didnt receive mail

Instructor (jinalgupta.): As your ViBe progress was not completed within the given deadline, it may have led to your discontinuation. However, we understand that there can be genuine challenges. Therefore, we are giving you a final opportunity to complete 100% of your ViBe progress by the end of today. Once completed, you will be able to continue your internship with us. Please ensure it is done within the timeline, and feel free to reach out if you need any support. Is your issue been resolved?

Student (mananjain01): yes maam i have completed 100 percent course within the deadline and also got health points for it as well Also maam , i had completed the vibe course progress always within the deadline except for the 75 percent one which was not the criteria of discontinuation as my name in the cohort wise leaderboard was not there well before it No maam I still can't find my name in the leaderboard cohort wise

Instructor (jinalgupta.): It will take some time to reflect.

Student (mananjain01): yes maam i just saw my name is visible now thank you very much Maam but i didnt receive the mail for todays session

Instructor (jinalgupta., nitin_fighter1379): please check the current status of the participant Since his name wasn't in the dashboard, the mails aren't being sent The name will take sometime to update on the dashboard as said by sakshi ma'am it takes 6-12 hours to run fully and the name to reflect on the dashboard. Yes Already escalated the issue.

Student (mananjain01): I got the mail of today's standup

Instructor (jinalgupta.): Yes, do join the session. We have given you another chance as per your ViBe progress. So kindly join this session. As your issue has been resolved and you are onboarded once again then can we close this ticket? As the issue has been resolved hene closing the ticket.