Student (sandeshdongaonkar): I have enrolled on 17th feb in AKSians ,and completed the 20% of the vibe course on 27th feb .As I couldnt complete it in a week ,so will i get the offer letter .If yes then when will I be getting it ?

Instructor (nitin_fighter1379): as mentioned earlier itself, completion of 20% in the 1st week makes you eligible for offer letter

Student (sandeshdongaonkar): Thanks for the clarification. I enrolled on 17th Feb but couldn't complete 20% within the first week due to some reasons. I have now completed 20% of the course on 27th feb . Could you please let me know if I am still eligible to receive the offer letter?

Instructor (jinalgupta., nitin_fighter1379): WE have escalated your query. But till the time it is clarified try to complete further more of the ViBe course. Is your issue cleared now? Is your issue resolved now? We are closing the ticket since there has been no communication from your side.

Student (sandeshdongaonkar): I Apologize that I couldn't address the message as I was stuck in personal stuff . I am into the vibe course now ,How long do I have to wait for the confirmation that I am eligible for the offer letter

Instructor (nitin_fighter1379): please note that if and only if the announced target is achieved within the deadline, you'll be eligible to receive the offer letter

Student (sandeshdongaonkar): As I have already mentioned that I couldn't achieve the target of first week and still if there is a chance, then Jinal Gupta Ma'am replied that she has escalated my query so I am looking for the reply on that ,whether I am allowed or not for the offer letter

Instructor (nitin_fighter1379): yes it was escalated to the team and they have guided us to stick with the deadlines and regulations announced before. CC: is there anything else to discuss upon?

Student (sandeshdongaonkar): Should I stop the course then?

Instructor (nitin_fighter1379): No, you can proceed with the internship, you will get a successful completion certificate from Vicharanashala Lab for Education Design upon the completion of the internship(all 3 phases mentioned in the website)

Student (sandeshdongaonkar): That will be okay ,thank you

Instructor (nitin_fighter1379): Can we close the ticket?