Student (mohanavallis): I am new in this intership so please explain how I join and register in the internship

Instructor (nitin_fighter1379): You can join the inaugural session for today for which you might have received the zoom invite link. You can refer this channel too: . Please follow the regulations of the Discord server too: Must have a professional DP and the Name of the candidate must be visible.

Student (mohanavallis): How I registered for this internship and I only received one announcement mail what I do now??

Instructor (nitin_fighter1379): Hello AKSians 🌟 We’re excited to officially welcome you to the journey! ⏰ Date and Time: 23rd Feb, 2026. 6:45pm. 📍 Zoom Link: In this session, we’ll explain the program structure, platform usage, expectations, and key milestones. We’ll also answer your questions to ensure you start with complete clarity and confidence. 🚀 This session is important to help you begin strong and stay aligned from Day 1. 💪 Be punctual, stay active, and come prepared! Let’s build something meaningful together 🚀💙. See you all there at 6:45pm. Zoom Welcome! You are invited to join a meeting: Vinternship Inaugural S... Welcome! You are invited to join a meeting: Vinternship Inaugural Session – AKSians. After registering, you will receive a confirmation email about joining the meeting. Please join this meeting at 6:45 PM today for the inaugural session where all the details of the internship will be explained We are rolling OUT THE REGISTRATION LINK!! NOTE : If you're new to ViBe, you MUST signup using the link and come back and click on the same link again to join the cohort!! DO NOT JOIN GURUSETU PIlOT Here's the link : Please register in the course to start off

Student (mohanavallis): Now I registered in this course next what I will do

Instructor (jinalgupta., rishavkumar.nit): hi kindly access your course at through laptop or PC We hope you have enrolled to this course.

Student (mohanavallis): yes sir thank you

Instructor (jinalgupta.): We hope your issue has been resolved now.

Student (mohanavallis): Today is the last date for completing 20% of the internship tasks.As i am new to this internship and starting today,i would like to confirm whether it is compulsory to complete the 20% today itself .kindly let me know if there is any flexibility or what i should do next.

Instructor (nitin_fighter1379): It is a week from your start of ViBe course

Student (mohanavallis): okay