Student (nishant_raghuvanshi): Health Point Deduction Hi, I have completed the Linked and Cliq activity and still haven’t received any Health point instead my health point got removed 5% because of the linkedin activity If you think that I may have not filled that google activity form I Did still it happened LinkedIn post : I am on not safe side please help me sir/maam as i am afraid because of health point I would not be able to complete further I have completed the linkedin activity on 1 week ago

Instructor (imsakshivk, prkharvndn): hey we'll soon reach out to you! don't worry Dear Nishant, Have you filled the associated google form for the same. If you have missed it only then this thing happens.

Student (nishant_raghuvanshi): Good Evening Sakshi Ma’am, I have submitted the associated google form with my email id still it happened to me.

Instructor (imsakshivk): Have you used the same email, that is used to complete vibe. I m looking into your records on backend, I cannot find this id. NISHANT SINGH(240211649.ac.in)

Student (nishant_raghuvanshi): Yes Ma’am it had a column to select email id I have selected the one with my name and registered email on it I think i have filled and submitted the form with my email id singhnishant0131.com

Instructor (imsakshivk): But we have made the script such , if same email in the dropdoen and submiiting form not matches then you will not get the HP. Reason , if we do not match anyone can come and fill form on others behalf. I will check the second mail you are giving, but for next activity please use the same email.

Student (nishant_raghuvanshi): Ma’am,My registered email ID is a Microsoft email: 240211649.ac.in. As far as I know, a Google Form cannot be submitted using a Microsoft email ID. Please let me know how I should proceed.

Instructor (imsakshivk): Is your college id not on google workspace domain

Student (nishant_raghuvanshi): No ma’am

Instructor (imsakshivk): I have manually updated your HP, but everytime you complete an activity you have to tell me inperosn, and keep filling form too.

Student (nishant_raghuvanshi): Okay Ma’am I have also completed the Zoho/Cliq profile picture activity and submitted the form using : singhnishant0131.com and Thank you so much Ma’am for updating my health points Maam I have completed the discord quest and have submitted the google docs form proof of reacting to 5 introduction post

Instructor (prkharvndn): perfect did you submitted it in gform ?

Student (nishant_raghuvanshi): Not in the gform lemme submit it again

Instructor (prkharvndn): submit it over there

Student (nishant_raghuvanshi): Done sir i have submitted the proof and message and the 3 emoji activity in my initial submission but on the final submission i have submitted it with all the proof

Instructor (prkharvndn): great work shall i close your ticket now ?

Student (nishant_raghuvanshi): I think for all the activities submission this ticket is important so please if it’s possible don’t close it Sir/Ma’am I have successful submitted the first 6 case study of Typescript The deadline was 19 Feb Please update my case study progress and health points Sir/Ma’am Thank you

Instructor (jinalgupta.): We have noted down and your HP's will be awarded as per the guidelines after the last date of submissions. I will be closing this ticket now as your issue has been resolved.

Student (nishant_raghuvanshi): Okay Thank you Ma’am