Student (rohitposimsetti): Hi, my ViBe video (video_1 under JavaScript Building Blocks) is stuck on "Preparing environment..." for 10+ minutes. I tried: - Hard refresh - Incognito mode - Different browser Still not loading. Kindly help.

Instructor (jinalgupta.): Kindly explain your issue with your email ID and your cohort name.

Student (rohitposimsetti): Hi, My registered email ID: rohit122622.com Cohort: AKSians (Cohort 5) Issue: The ViBe platform video (video_1 under JavaScript Building Blocks) is stuck on "Preparing environment..." for more than 10 minutes and is not loading. I have already tried: Hard refresh (Ctrl + Shift + R) Incognito mode Different browser The issue still persists. Kindly help resolve this. Thank you.

Instructor (jinalgupta.): Kindly look into this issue.

Student (rohitposimsetti, thanhamariyam): sure, will check Did you check your network connection?? yes mam

Instructor (a0rous): Please check on the different browser like Firefox. . Also try to update the chrome or edge what ever you use. May be updating the windows can also work.

Student (rohitposimsetti, thanhamariyam): Did your issue resolve? No ma’am, the issue is still not resolved. I have tried: Different browser (Chrome and Edge),Incognito mode, Hard refresh, Checked network connection The video is still stuck on “Preparing environment…”. Please let me know if there is anything else I should try.

Instructor (riyamehtaatwork): Hi Try again once with hard refresh and then logging in again If that doesn't work please try with a new device to test if it works on other devices, preferably a laptop/pc.

Student (rohitposimsetti): ok mam Hi ma’am, I tried again with hard refresh and logging in again, but the issue still persists. Additionally, I noticed something unusual: video_1 is showing as “Completed” even though I have not watched it. Quiz 1 is showing “Access Restricted”. Because of this, I think there might be an issue with my account provisioning or environment setup on the backend. Kindly check if my account environment needs to be reset. Thank you.

Instructor (nitin_fighter1379): please state your availability for a escalation call with the team so that we can diagnose and resolve the issue there. CC:

Student (rohitposimsetti): Hi sir, Thank you for the support. I am available today between 4:00 PM – 7:00 PM Please let me know a convenient time. Thank you.

Instructor (nitin_fighter1379, sreehari5371): Could you please provide your system specifications? The issue might be related to that. Additionally, have you tried accessing the platform using a different system or network, as previously advised? Try using firefox too

Student (rohitposimsetti): Hi Sreehari / Nitin, Here are my system specifications: • Device: ASUS ROG Zephyrus G16 (GU603VV) • OS: Windows 11 Home (Version 25H2, 64-bit) • Processor: 13th Gen Intel Core i7-13620H @ 2.40 GHz • RAM: 16 GB (15.6 GB usable) • Storage: 477 GB SSD • Graphics: 8 GB GPU I have also tried switching browsers and will try accessing the platform using Firefox as suggested. I will also check using a different network/system if required. Please let me know if any additional details are needed. Thank you. Hi Sreehari / Nitin, The issue has been resolved. It is now working properly on the Comet browser. Thank you.

Instructor (nitin_fighter1379): Closing the Ticket